Welcome Back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you a horror, dark comedy
film from 2017, titled Happy death day.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
The campus clock chimes nine.
Tree wakes up in a dorm room that's not hers.
Carter turns around and greets her, then her
phone rings to the sound of a birthday song.
She asks where her clothes are and immediately
stands up to get dressed.
Tree asks for Tylenol and Crater scrambles
to find it.
When she's done dressing, he gives her the
bottle of pills, still trying to be nice to
her, but she tells him not to say a word about
their encounter.
As she's about to leave Carter's friend walks
in asking him if he slept with her.
Tree is disgusted with both of them.
She walks outside and a goth is checking her
out, then a girl asks her to sign a petition
to stop global warming, the sprinkles come
on chasing off a kissing couple, a car alarm
blares, a frat guy is torturing a few rushes
and one collapses as she passes by them.
Suddenly, she's stopped by Tim - her supposed
stalker, a guy she had one date with and doesn't
like.
She makes fun of him, then leaves.
She walks up to her sorority house and a girl
greets her.
Tree sneaks inside, but is immediately caught
by Danielle, who reminds her about the house
meeting at lunch.
She walks inside her bedroom and is greeted
by her roommate Lori, as she drops on her
bed.
As Lori recounts the previous night partying,
Tree suddenly sees the time, realizing she's
late for class.
She jumps out of bed, rushing to get dressed
and find her books.
She turns around and Lori gives her a birthday
cupcake, telling her that she can't hide her
birthdate from her.
Tree blows out the candle and drops the cupcake
in the trash as she walks out.
Lori is angry.
Tree walks into a class, held by a professor
she has something going on with.
That day, she has lunch with her sorority
sisters , as one of them - Becky sits down
with a high carb lunch, deemed "bad" by Danielle.
They make her leave because of it, but when
she stands up, Carter walks into her, spilling
a chocolate shake all over Tree.
She doesn't want her sorority sisters to know
she knows him and pulls him to the side.
He gives her back the bracelet that she forgot
at his room.
Later, she goes into a hospital and declines
a call with her Dad, then walks into Lori.
She knows why Tree is there and tells her
that what she's doing can have serious consequences.
Tree walks into an office and the professor
walks inside.
She instantly starts kissing him, but suddenly
his wife knocks on the door.
That night, she's in her room and Danielle
comes in, wearing her top.
They talk about the party they're going to
later, when there's a power shortage.
Tree is listening to her dad's message as
she walks by some jocks, going toward the
party.
She walks into a creepy underpass, where a
music box is playing "Happy birthday".
Tree thinks someone is joking with her, but
there's a noise behind her.
There's someone in a college mascot mask,
staring at her without saying anything.
He disappears.
She passes through the underpass, when he
suddenly jumps out with a knife and starts
chasing her.
Tree stumbles and falls.
He grabs her and kills her.
Tree wakes up in the same dorm room.
Things start playing out the same way as before.
She dresses, as Carter talks to her and she
asks for Tylenol, even telling him where he
keeps it.
He says it's like she's been there before.
Carter's friend walks in and Tree is confused.
She leaves and when she exits the building,
she passes by the same goth, the petition
girl, the sprinklers, the car alarm and the
frat guys.
She looks confused as she runs into Tim again,
but this time she asks him what day it is.
It's Monday the 18th.
Tree is greeted by the same girl in front
of her sorority and runs into Danielle, who
reminds her of the sorority lunch.
Lori greets her in the same way as before
when she enters the room.
Tree feels weird, but sees she's late for
class and hurries.
Lori gives her the cupcake, but she gets more
confused and rushes out.
Later, she's at lunch, when the same scenario
with Becky plays out.
Tree tries to warn her about Carter, but they
still run into each other.
Carter walks away, but she reminds him to
give her the bracelet back.
Later, she's in the professors office, wanting
to talk to him, but he kisses her and his
wife knocks on the door.
That night, she's watching a birthday video
of her and her mom, when Danielle walks in.
Tree is freaked out about the black out.
She walks down the same road going toward
the underpass, but when she gets there and
hears the music box, she takes another way
to the party.
Tree reaches the house and it looks empty.
It's locked, so she bangs on the door.
A guy in the mascot mask opens and she punches
him, when the lights come on for her birthday
surprise.
The guy under the mask was Nick.
Later, Danielle and Tree are talking and Nick
approaches them, flirting with her to the
dismay of Danielle.
Regardless, she follows him to his room.
When she walks inside, the room looks empty.
She checks herself out in the mirror, when
Nick shows up behind her again and she takes
off his mask.
He begins playing loud music and dances to
it badly, so Tree is unimpressed.
She texts with Danielle, as another man wearing
the mask walks into the room and kills Nick.
Tree can't hear anything over the loud music
and when she turns around she thinks the man
is Nick.
She walks toward him and he takes out the
knife.
They struggle on the bed and a frat boy walks
in, but doesn't react to what's happening.
The masked man stabs her.
Tree wakes up in the dorm room, screaming
and scaring Carter.
She dresses in a panic and runs out, as everything
keeps playing out the same: goth, petition
girl, sprinklers, car alarm, frat guys and
eventually Tim.
Lori greets her the same way when she enters
their room and sits down on the bed.
Tree tells Lori that she feels like she's
loosing her mind and tries to explain to her
that she's lived through the same day twice
As proof, she mentions the cupcake and the
surprise party.
Lori doesn't believe her story.
Tree tells her that somebody will kill her
that night and starts panicking, scaring Lori
too.
But, she tells her to get some rest, considering
the day is stressful for her because of her
mom.
Later, Tree is seen reinforcing her windows
and pushing a drawer in front of her door.
She sees a picture of her and her mom, when
suddenly Danielle knocks on her door and there's
a power shortage.
Tree sits on her bed and goes to eat the cupcake,
when she starts looking for the remote.
She finds a birthday card and the TV suddenly
goes off, then on again showing the news briefly,
than off again.
She hears a noise in the closet and grabs
a hammer, but when she opens it, no one's
there.
She goes to check the bathroom, but before
she can check behind the shower curtain, the
TV comes on again.
The masked man appears behind her and after
a brief struggle, kills her, again.
Tree wakes up screaming in the dorm room,
scaring Carter.
She freaks out and runs off.
Everything is the same again: goth, petition
girl, sprinklers, car alarm, frat guys...
She starts spiraling into panic, when suddenly
Carter stops her to give her her stuff back.
She hugs him and asks him to help her.
Next, they're sitting in the college cantina
and Carter is trying to wrap his head around
what's been happening to her.
Her phone rings and he realizes it's her birthday.
He tells her that whoever's killing her knows
it's her birthday and starts making a list
with whomever would have motive for that.
He also tells her that they didn't sleep together
the previous night.
They continue talking about her murderer and
he tells her that she has an unlimited amount
of time to figure out who's killing her.
That night, Tree makes a suspect list and
the first one on it is Tim.
She peeps through his window and realizes
that he's actually gay.
Tree turns around and the masked man stabs
her.
Tree wakes up in Carters dorm room and throws
her phone in the trash.
Next, she's seen coloring and cutting her
hair and later she adds another name to the
list, the professors wife.
She stalks her from the bushes, but when she
turns around, the masked man tackles her and
kills her.
She wakes up.
The next name on her list is Danielle.
They're seen talking, then fighting, when
a bus hits them.
She wakes up angry!
Crosses Danielle of the list and the next
one is the professor.
Tree walks out of the dorm room naked, all
the people she saw beforeare ogling her.
Later, she's waiting for her killer with a
baseball bat, but knocks Becky out by mistake.
When she goes to help her, the masked man
shows up and hits her with the bat.
She wakes up in Carters dorm telling him his
plan sucked.
She's getting weird pains in her abdomen and
as Carter's friend opens the door she faints
in his arms.
Later, she's in a hospital and Carter walks
inside her room.
He tells her it's Monday the 18th and the
power shortage happens.
Suddenly, the professor is standing next to
Carter.
He tells him to leave.
The professor, who's also her doctor, shows
her an ex-ray of her lungs.
She has so many lesions on them, that she
should be dead.
Tree wants to leave, but he tells her that
she's safe there.
She asks him for a soda to get him out of
the room and when he gets back she's no longer
there.
Tree runs through the hospital and goes into
the professors office, looking for his car
keys.
Suddenly, she finds a mask inside a drawer.
She thinks he's the killer, so she carefully
walks through the hospital, when he shows
up behind her and is instantly stabbed by
the masked man.
He goes after her and chases her to the parking
lot.
Tree keeps hiding from him there, but when
she opens the professors car he hears her
and catches up to her.
She escapes him for the first time and rejoices,
when a cop car signals her to stop.
The cop comes over her car and she tries to
explain what's happening, but realizes that
if the cop thinks she's under the influence
of any illegal substance he'll have to arrest
her and take her to jail, where she should
be safe.
So she lies to him and he arrests her.
He places her safely in the back of his patrol,
but suddenly gets hit by another car.
The masked man walks out of the other car
and comes over to the patrol.
Tree taunts him for a moment, but he walks
off and gets back in the car.
He opens a window and drops a birthday candle,
lighting the gasoline trail to the cop car.
Tree wakes up in the dorm again, takes Tylenol
by herself, opens the door for Carter's friend
and sends him away.
She's getting dressed and Carter asks her
why she was screaming in her sleep.
He follows her out, wanting to know her story.
She tells him that she's relieving the same
day and tells him about the sprinklers, the
car alarm and the frat guy fainting.
Later, they're seen in a diner eating.
She burps and farts, saying he won't remember
it.
Her phone rings and he asks why she doesn't
pick up when her father is calling.
She tells him that her mother died 3 years
ago and that they shared the same birthday.
Tree is convinced that if her mom was still
alive, she wouldn't have been very proud of
her, bacause she's not a good person.
He tells her that her current situation makes
it easier for her to become a better person,
but she doesn't think she has many more days
left, because she keeps getting weaker every
time she comes back.
Tree's attention gets shifted to the news.
There's a report about a serial killer that's
in the hospital.
She thinks that he's her killer.
She arrives at the hospital where he's kept
and tells the nurse to call the police because
he'll escape.
When she doesn't see an officer in front of
his door, she grabs an axe and walks inside
his room.
The masked man is inside too, but she doesn't
see him immediately.
She sees the guard dead on the floor, when
the masked man shoots at her.
Tree escapes, but he kills the nurse and chases
after her.
When he catches up to her, he takes of his
mask to reveal the serial killer.
He raises his gun to shoot, but suddenly Crater
jumps him.
Tree gets the gun and wants to shoot him,
when it jams and the serial killer breaks
Carter's neck.
He chases Tree again and they reach the bell
tower.
She appears behind him and hits him over the
head, though she suddenly realizes that if
she kills him and doesn't reset the day Carter
will be dead forever.
So, she drops the crowbar and runs again.
The killer goes after her, but she kills herself
instead.
The campus clock chimes nine.
Tree wakes up in Carter's room and hugs him,
thanking him for saving her life.
Before she leaves, she grabs his pillow, spanks
his friend for being a misogynist and walks
out of the building happy.
She sees the goth and takes his glasses, signs
the petition, tells the couple about the sprinkles
and puts a pillow on the ground before the
frat boy falls down.
Tree is happy to see Tim and empowers him
to get out of the closet.
She finally greets the girl in front of her
sorority house and walks inside.
Danielle walks up to her and she tells her
about Carter, leaving her speechless.
She walks into her bedroom and apologizes
to Lori for being selfish.
Next, she goes to class and calls the professor
out for a word.
Tree puts an end to their relationship, dropping
his class too.
During the sorority lunch, Tree isn't there
and Becky sits down with her "bad" lunch.
Tree arrives and sits down next to her with
a tray of junk food, shoving it in her face.
Danielle insults Becky, so Tree walks over
to her and spills the chocolate shake all
over her head.
Suddenly, Carter shows up to give her the
bracelet and she kisses him, then asks him
out on a date.
He says yes.
Later, she shows up at the restaurant where
her dad is waiting for her to have a birthday
lunch together.
Tree wants them to be open about her mom's
death and talk about her more, because she
wants to stop avoiding what happened.
She apologizes for hurting him by doing that.
That night, she gets prepared to face her
killer.
She goes to the hospital and takes the guard's
gun.
Holding him at gunpoint she tells the guard
to get help because the serial killer will
escape.
Tree goes over to the sleeping prisoner, seeing
that he's restrained, telling him to open
his eyes.
She wants to shoot, but the safety on the
gun is on.
He hits her with his pillow, grabs her and
takes her knife.
They fight, but he's stronger.
He gets the knife to kill her, but the alarm
on her watch rings.
The power goes out and she's behind him with
the gun.
Tree shoots her killer dead.
That night, she lights the birthday candle
on her cupcake, while her and Carter talk
about what happened.
Before she blows out the candle, she wishes
for "tomorrow".
The campus clock chimes nine.
Tree wakes up in Carter's room.
It's the same day again.
She freaks out and runs away.
She bursts into her bedroom and starts packing.
Lori stands up and goes to give her the cupcake,
when Tree has an epiphany.
She realizes that she woke up the same day
because she died in her sleep.
Tree thinks Lori killed her by poisoning the
cupcake.
But when Tree kept not eating the cupcake,
Lori used the serial killer as an opportunity
to kill her and get away with it.
It was always Lori that killed her.
Tree tells her to eat the cupcake and prove
that it wasn't her or she'll take it to the
police.
Lori knocks her down and locks the room.
She tells her the reason for wanting to kill
her was the professor, because she was in
love with him.
They start fighting around the room and Lori
almost kills her, when she gets distracted
long enough for Tree to shove the cupcake
in her mouth and then push her out of the
window, falling in front of the girl facing
the sorority house.
Tree and Carter are watching the news in the
diner.
Her dad calls and she picks up to calm him
down.
The two of them talk and Carter starts telling
her about "Groundhog day" which she's never
seen.